How're you feeling?
Like I just got stabbed.
I'd like to give you the
money for the restaurant.
No. Michael!
What?! Just calm down.
What? I am perfectly calm!
Police! What's the confusing bit?
Alan. my father. he's not dead.
Forensics have checked the postmark.
definitely sent from Bermuda.
Nicola was cautioned
for harassing Monica
and being drunk and disorderly.
We won't be taking this any further
because your mother
isn't pressing charges.
Ok. legally she is my mother. but she's...
I am disowning her! And secondly.
did you not hear when I
said she killed my dad?!
This is based on...? This is based on
the fact that she is a psycho.
Are you going to arrest her?
We are going back to
work. You are going home.
Are you serious? Are you serious? Fine!
I'll get my own back.
I'm gonna take something of hers.
Something she loves.
and one day. I'm gonna break her heart!
I'm gonna break her heart!
You know. I never
really got the crazy thing.
The messy girl thing.
Some blokes. like you. obviously. they...
They love it. you know.
They love all the drama.
They think it's so hot.
but me. I think life's too short. you know?
What are you doing here?
You should be resting.
I've gotta keep an eye on you. haven't I?
Trust me. I'd much rather be at
home watching cash in the attic.
This is new - how long you had that?
Er. I literally just found it.
What are you gonna do with it?
I was gonna share it with
the team. obviously. Yeah.
You sure you weren't
gonna hide it like your visit
to her hotel last night?
I was...
I needed to talk to her.
She's connected to the case.
Right. but you wouldn't
have gone by yourself
without telling anyone.
right? Because you know. Jim.
that's how I got stabbed.
And of course. there's your
meeting with her at costello's.
I mean. that's literally on the cms.
Right. yeah. the
two-minute conversation.
I know you think the rest
of us should be at the back
with safety scissors and glitter. but. Jim.
it is becoming very obvious
what your interest in
Nicola bar ton is all about.
You're right.
My... my relationship
with her has become...
Complex.
Two nights ago. I was in
bad shape and she found me.
She helped me.
You been drinking?
It was after you had been stabbed.
and the next morning I woke up...
In Nicola's hotel room.
Mate. nothing happened.
I swear to god.
Nothing happened. I was
unconscious the entire night.
And everything after that has
been about the case. all right?
When we went to the cliffs. it was
about the case. and then yesterday.
after she found out that her dad
was still alive. I went to see her
and things became...
Barney. they nearly became intimate.
Jim!
This is...
I mean. this is bad even for you.
I'm literally... I'm shaking. Yeah?
It gets worse. How could it get
worse? Did you kill Tony sallinger?
When she went to the
bathroom. I went to get some water
from the mini bar. and in the wardrobe...
Was the coat.
The coat from the cctv footage.
The co...
She was at the wedding.
It was her in the coat.
Yeah. that's what it looks like.
Right. where is the coat now?
I left it.
I left it there.
Did she see you find the coat? No... No.
Ok. I know. I screwed up. ok?
And I should have pulled her in.
Do you think? Because now
that's inadmissible. Now you've left
that coat there. even if we get
our hands on it. it's inadmissible.
I still think that we can build a
case against... are you drunk now?!
We cannot do anything!
Day one of the trial. the defence gets up.
"by the way. Jim bergerac
is back on the bottle"
"and he's fucking the defendant."
The whole case is
thrown out and she walks.
I'm really sorry.
Right. you listen to me.
This conversation never happened.
You step back from the
case quietly. no big drama.
I take over.
These threats that she made
against Monica for revenge.
I found them and that
was enough for me
to go to the hotel and bring Nicola in.
And you go to the hotel
and you find the coat.
Right. if it's still there.
because if she even suspects
that you saw that. it's
in the channel by now.
She didn't see me. Well. forgive
me if I don't trust your judgment.
If we can get it. I
confront her with the coat.
I confront her with the
threats. maybe that's enough
to get a confession. Either way. it
could be enough to get a charge.
You stay ten miles away from all of that.
And I'll tell uma what went on.
Yeah.
This isn't quite how I'd
imagined my career ending.
World's tiniest violin.
You know. this really makes
sense. Your whole lone wolf thing.
You want everything. don't you?
You want everything for
yourself. even what you can't have.
You've no discipline.
It leaves a lot of
unanswered questions though.
What did Tony mean when
he said "no more secrets"?
Why was it directed at Monica? Stop it.
Nicola bar ton had motive. opportunity
and she's been lying through
her teeth. I'll handle this.
You tidy yourself up.
Honestly. Tom. don't
beat yourself up about it.
No. no...
All this volatility in the market.
I completely understand.
Gold is safer.
Yes. There's no need to...
Good.
Well. thanks for letting me know...
And give my love to...
All I want is a proper cup of coffee.
made in a proper copper coffee pot.
Who is Tom? What has he done?
It's a big house. but not that big.
Tom is one of several
investors and he's decided.
for actually quite sound
reasons. to back out.
but it won't be a problem.
You said you only had two
investors. Two is several.
And. to be honest. I never really
thought Tom got the concept.
At one point he was talking
about laminated menus.
And I still have Marcus.
You'll love Marcus.
In fact. I'll call him now.
Rally the troops.
The troop.
There she is.
Jersey's very own Nicola benedetti.
Hi. Marcus? Nigel.
You all right. darling?
So the plan is. on Friday. you and
dad will drop me off at the airport?
10am sharp.
And aunt Maggie will
fetch me from Gatwick?
It's going to be a bit
weird though. isn't it?
Being away for so long.
What else can I do?
The longest I've been away
from Jersey is two weeks.
so three months is...
Marcus. please... please.
I know. So exciting. No.
don't do that. Don't... Marcus.
Will yo come visit me?
Maybe you can get a hotel and
stay for the weekend. or longer?
No. absolutely.
Thank you.
I'll... I'll see you in a bit.
Kiss.
I mean this with all the love in the world.
but please don't be a dick to me today.
What are you doing? Clearing
out my late husband's things.
You know. the one who isn't dead.
The one who took
us all for fucking idiots!
When I think of what he put
us through. the moods and...
And the knife thing did happen.
because I got a black eye.
Sorry. but I'm not
protecting him any more.
To do all that and then
to fake his own death.
knowing the guilt I'd feel. the shame.
the devastation we'd all
feel. and to leave me with that.
day after day... take a
breath... Thinking he was dead.
when he could've told me. he
could've cooled down and said.
"it's all right. I'm alive".
That would've been better
than leaving me thinking... mum!
Just stop a minute. please.
Please.
And you...
Christ. you.
What he did to you.
I'm ok.
You're not though. are you?
No.
But maybe one day.
Listen to me.
I love you.
I know.
You don't know. and
that's my fault. because...
I should have taken better care of you.
I should have tended to you.
I... I should have told Michael to...
Wipe his own arse.
To wipe his own arse. yes.
Wipe his own arse. exactly.
Yes.
Where is Michael?
He's... he's gone for a walk.
I told him to just get out. I
can't even look at him right now.
Do you want a hand with this?
Yes.
Yes. thanks.
Ok.
There's more down in the cellar.
Don't get sucked in. I've done that.
You start looking at stuff and you think.
"I remember that."
It's all a load of old bollocks.
Do you know what?
We should go to
Bermuda and find your dad.
And... And then what?
Kill him for real.
Ok. fine. Just fine!
Barney. we can stop it there.
I just want to see...
I'll get my own back.
Where's this camera?
Barney. let's... Yeah.
I just want to get here.
I'm going to take something of hers.
I'm going to... something she loves!
One day I'm going to break her heart!
Yeesh.
As embarrassing as that is.
evidence wise. it's not much to go on.
Ok. people say stuff.
they make threats. right?
However. it does seem to
suggest an attitude. ok? A motive.
Right. we know that Tony's death
was between 7:45pm and 8:30pm.
Now we know that she was at costello's.
but that wasn't until 8:29pm.
That gives her plenty of time.
kill Tony. hightail it over to the restaurant.
Crucially. she has not
fully accounted for her time
from arriving on the island to
getting to that restaurant. ok?
Because nobody bothered to ask her.
So now what do we do?
My plan. we bring her
in. we act all convivial-like.
"ok. let's have a chat. let's
see where this goes". yeah?
Jim. is that all right with you? Yeah.
We'll keep lines of communication
open here. obviously.
Ok. let's get to work.
Simon. Sally. with me.
Hey. Hi.
Listen. I was wondering
if we could go for lunch?
Aren't you working? It's fine.
They don't really need me today.
Actually. that would be nice.
Great. Tomas's. 12:30pm?
Ok.
I wanted to talk to you
about your leaving party.
We don't have to. No. we do.
because I need you to know
why things just fell out the way they did.
Somebody I work with was stabbed.
Barney.
By another police officer.
actually. Barney? The hot one?
I think you might be
thinking of someone else.
Yeah. anyway. it was a
few hours before the party...
And. look. he's fine now. but there was...
A moment when we didn't know
whether he was going to make it.
My god. dad.
I'm really sorry.
And I should have been better.
Right. well. that's it.
I'm not going to London.
What? No.
Love... no. it's fine. I'll
defer my place for a year.
No. no. that's not what this is about.
I know it isn't. but you can't
cope on your own. Not right now.
And I'm sorry if that sounds. pfff.
but it's true. so I will go next year.
Kim. this is an incredible
opportunity. Exactly.
And I don't want to waste
it all worrying about you.
Let's get you sorted. then
we can talk about it again.
Hi. It's Nicola. isn't it?
Sorry. we've not met. I'm di Crozier.
Would you mind
accompanying us to the station?
We've got a few issues we'd like
to discuss in regards to the death
of Tony sallinger. Are you arresting me?
No. it's a voluntary interview.
Just a few questions.
Do you mind if we just do a
very quick search of your room?
No. Great.
Thank you.
Check the bathroom.
Simon.
That's the coat from the
cctv. It certainly looks like it.
And that...
Well. I think that is blood.
Nice work. boss. Seal the room. On it.
Can you describe your
relationship with your mother for me?
It's... It's complex...
Like a lot of
mother-daughter relationships.
But you've never meant
to actually harm her?
Not recently. no.
Not recently. I suppose
what you're referring to is this -
in 2016. you posted these on
Monica's social media pages.
8th of January - "she's nothing
but a cold-blooded murderer."
10th of February - "a
killer. a psychopath."
20th of April - "psycho bitch."
I was in a really bad place in 2016.
I was drinking heavily. I
wasn't well. I was struggling.
It seems you stayed in that
bad place for quite a long time.
We get to 2020... yeah... You
were arrested for harassment
and being drunk and disorderly.
I told you I was drinking.
These aren't even the worst
things I said to people at that time.
"I'm going to take something of hers..."
You're not listening. I was drunk.
"Something she loves. One
day I will break her heart."
I don't even remember what I said.
When did you arrive on the island?
- Around 5:30pm on Saturday.
- The day of the wedding.
You lied to your mother and
said that you'd missed your flight
and you arrived the day after.
Yeah. To spare her feelings.
To spare the feelings of a person
you've accused multiple
times of killing your father?
I was... I'm trying to...
I was trying to rebuild
some Bridges with her.
By lying to her? Sorry.
I'm getting confused.
So you were on the island
on the day of the wedding?
Yeah. I... I said so.
Great. So why don't you run
through for me all of your movements -
everything you've done since you arrived.
I went to the hotel. I got
changed for the wedding.
but I couldn't face it.
Then I went for a walk and I
found myself at a restaurant.
which is where I ran into Jim bergerac.
Have you spoken to him about this?
Because he can confirm all of this.
He was on a comically bad date.
Anyway. she left and he and I got talking.
What time did you
arrive at the restaurant?
Around eight o'clock.
We have spoken to dci bergerac.
He confirmed your conversation
didn't start until after 8:30pm.
That doesn't mean I wasn't there.
I'll show you some screen
shots. They're from the cctv
of costello's restaurant.
This one is time-stamped.
You'll see it shows
you arriving at 8:29pm.
I guess I got the time wrong. I guess so.
I'll show you some more screen shots.
These are from the cctv
at the hotel de clairemont.
specifically the patio area
adjoining the wedding reception.
These were taken moments
before Tony sallinger was murdered.
Is that you in the coat?
No.
No. See. that's strange. because
we just found a very similar coat
in the closet in your hotel room. I...
It's pretty common... you see
people in coats like this all the time.
In August?
You know the strangest
thing about that coat?
That there's blood on it.
What are the chances. do you
think. that when forensics come back.
that blood is going to
match Tony sallinger?
Tony gave it to me.
Tony gave me the coat.
I did go to the wedding.
At least. I tried.
But when I got there. I lost my nerve
and I was sort of hanging around outside
and then this guy comes
up to me and it's Tony.
Anyway. we talked. he
seemed wired. energised.
He was just in normal
clothes because he said his suit
had got soaked from falling in the pool.
I... I said...
I said I was sorry for
missing the ceremony
and that I was happy for him.
but I couldn't go inside. I
couldn't go through with it.
Now. I didn't want Monica
and Michael to see me.
so he gave me his coat.
He said it was just something
he got from lost property.
And he said that he banged his head.
So that must be where...
The blood came from.
Well. that's one possibility.
Ok. I'm not comfortable
any more. I'd like to leave.
I'm afraid that won't be possible.
Nicola bar ton. I'm arresting
you on suspicion of the murder
of Tony sallinger between
7:45pm and 8:30pm... what?!
On August 30th. 2025. Are you serious?!
No. no. this is insane.
If you do not mention... Where's Jim?
Something which you later rely
on in court. Hey. where is he?
I need to talk to him. Where is bergerac?
Someone will be with you shortly.
Where is he? I need to talk
to bergerac. Where is he?
That was nicely handled.
Barney. Yeah. I thought so. too.
There's something I
just want to flag though.
How did she know about Tony
banging his head if I didn't tell her?
Maybe Monica did. Maybe Michael did.
Maybe she saw the cut on his
head when she was straddling him
and sticking a knife in his
chest. It was just a tiny cut
on the back of his skull. Well.
maybe they did talk before.
Maybe he said. "I've
got a cut on my head".
and she said. "I used to be st
John's ambulance". I don't know.
but then she took him
upstairs and she stabbed him.
It doesn't fit with the timeline.
I think we check with the hotel
lost property. see if that's where
Tony got the coat. And when are we
going to find out about Michael...
Jim. you're embarrassing yourself.
I'm about to get on the phone to the cps.
Nicola will be charged by the end
of the day. and that makes it now
right about time you called uma o'clock.
It's five-past in fact. mate.
Yeah. I'm going to. I said I would.
Don't forget to dial nine for an inside line.
Prick.
This is chief constable uma
dalal. Please leave a message.
Jesus. nice of you to pop by.
I've been arrested.
They're saying I killed Tony.
You know. I'm. usually pretty savvy.
People try to deceive us or
manipulate us all the time...
And with you I think I really
should've seen the signs.
I mean. we're addicts. this is
what we do. but. no. because I'm...
Dumb.
Because I liked you.
What are you talking
about? What was your plan?
Like. the general...
Plan.
Were you just hoping that I would
overlook any evidence against you?
Or. what. that I would
warn you if we got too close?
No. of course not.
Why didn't you tell anyone
about being at the wedding?
Because no-one asked.
Yeah. but they did ten minutes
ago. all right. and you lied about it.
I was scared. ok?
But everything I said
about talking to Tony.
about... about the coat.
that's all true. I swear.
You said you were going to
take something of Monica's.
I mean. you literally said that
you were going to break her heart.
Everything you said at your
daughter's party the other night.
you stand by that. do you?
You were in total control of
yourself? You meant every word?
No.
So just listen to me. Jim.
Please.
My dad is dead.
We're done.
I went to see Monica. ok?
I found his passport!
She was burning all his
papers and I started to help her.
I believed her. And
then I found the passport.
How did he get to
Bermuda without a passport?
His current passport?
His valid passport? Yes!
It only just expired. Where is it now?
She burnt it.
Right. How convenient.
I couldn't stop her.
but I am telling you. ok.
there is no way that that man is still alive.
Monica killed him. She did.
And if Tony knew. then surely
that's a reason for her to kill him. too.
Di Crozier will be applying to
have your custody extended
while they prepare
evidence for the cps. No...
In other words. talk to
your solicitor. Jim... Jim...
Please!
Please. just go to the
cottage. check the fire pit!
Shit.
Uma? Jim. I missed your call.
Thanks for calling back...
Just what it was is. I've...
I've allowed...
What is it?
Actually. you know what? It's fine.
It was a procedural thing. but
it's sorted now. Ok. no worries.
Hello?
Yeah.
Charlie.
Why am I suddenly £60.000
better off than I was this morning?
Goodness. Really?
Perhaps some rich aunt you
didn't know about left it to you.
We've talked about this.
I simply cannot accept it.
So please. give me your
details and I'll transfer it back.
So you lost another investor?
I don't see how that's relevant.
So take the damn money.
You don't understand.
It's important that I do this on my own.
Well. you certainly are at the
moment. You have no investors.
Look...
I want to do this thing for you.
When Kim's gone. I want...
I need to focus my love.
my care somewhere new.
But surely you can show
me you care in other...
Less expensive ways.
This... What we have is
the most important and...
Precious thing...
Relationship that's
happened to me for years.
I promise I won't make a habit of it.
but to help you get this restaurant going.
as we set out together...
Would mean everything to me.
I must be mad. but...
Thank you.
And is that all you need?
Yes. It... absolutely.
Yes.
Because this will attract
investors for the other half.
So you need another 60.
No. this is what I'm saying.
that will come because of this.
But that could take ages. for months...
You are not giving me another 60.
Bless your heart. You think you
can stop me doing something!
Charlie!
Make me some coffee.
Start earning your keep.
This is Monica. leave a message.
Hi Monica. it's dci bergerac.
Listen. are you at the cottage?
I was wondering if I could come over?
Ruth? Yes. Di Barney Crozier.
I understand you have
some information for us?
I was hoping to speak to dci
bergerac. Well. he's not here.
Right.
But anything you were going
to say to him. you can say to me.
Well. it's about Michael bar ton.
I don't really know what I'm saying.
But I went to see Monica this
week and Michael was there
and he was having a
fight with a neighbour.
It was over. I mean. nothing - the bins.
But Michael was
completely out of control.
He... The rage.
And Monica had to
literally get in between them.
Right. so he attacked this neighbour?
No. but he was about to.
This is what I'm saying.
Monica had to stop him.
And then he... Sorry. I'm
not exactly sure what you...
He's volatile.
He's aggressive.
Have you looked at him?
Is he even a suspect?
We are pursuing multiple
lines of inquiry at the moment.
Did he ever make any
threats against Tony?
Yes. Well. not actual
threats as far as I know.
But they didn't get on.
Michael is very possessive of
Monica and he resented Tony.
I understand. Well. thank
you so much for coming in.
I'll have a detective come and take your
statement as soon as someone's available.
Have you finished the postmortem?
I don't know. I'd have to ask. I believe so.
Right. so. why do you
still have my brother?
Because of process.
Because we're just in
limbo. Well. at least I am.
I think Monica gets told stuff.
She has one of these. family liaising...
A family liaison officer. yeah. Right.
And she's known Tony five minutes.
I just get... I am an after-thought.
And he was my brother.
Look...
I can see where we are and when
we'll be able to release Tony's body.
And in the meantime. you should know.
and this is between us.
but. we do have a suspect
and we're very close to
charging them with Tony's murder.
Is it Michael? I can't... It's not Michael.
It's not Monica. is it? It's not Monica.
Like I said. we will charge her as
soon as we've spoken to the cps. Her?
My god. Is it Nicola?
It's very important you don't
discuss anything I've told you
until we have a chance to charge
her and make a statement to the press.
Sure.
Hi. Michael.
Is your mother here? No.
There's just been a few developments in
the case that I need to discuss with her.
She's at the shops. Ok.
well I don't mind waiting.
I'm sure she won't be long...
You've had a bonfire then?
Yes. Mum's... Mum's
been burning dad's things.
She's... well. she's angry with
him for lying about being dead.
Yeah. well. I imagine...
I imagine she would be.
So what are these developments then?
We have reason to believe
that Nicola killed Tony.
Nicola did it?
We've arrested her and she's
in the process of being charged.
I didn't think she had it in her.
Sorry. I...
I must be in...
Shock.
Is this because she
thought mum had killed dad?
I can't say.
Well. it makes me wonder maybe I
should have shown them the card sooner.
There's no point
thinking about it like that.
Well. if you need to be
somewhere. I can tell mum.
What are these?
These are my chess trophies.
I opened with the
Smith-morra gambit on this one.
Hardly anyone has an
answer to it. I was on fire.
Yeah. the misconception
about chess is that it's reactive.
There's an element of that of course.
but predominantly it's about...
Memory.
You have to learn and
study every different tactic.
every different strategy and
then choose which one to employ.
Most people think that once
they've learnt the basics -
knights do this and the queen
does that. they're chess players.
They are not.
When did you say your
mother would be back?
If she gets talking to someone
she'll be there for hours.
I have more trophies in my nook.
Would you like to see them?
Sure.
I see you do tournaments overseas.
Yes. There's...
There's lots of travel.
And we get...
Per diems.
You can take cup a
soups to my room to make.
You can come away with quite a profit.
Right.
Yeah. Greece. Czech Republic.
Bermuda.
2020. Isn't that where your dad...
God.
Come on.
What's going on? Just give me a second.
Right. so. bergerac. he... Bergerac?
He's downstairs. but
it's all going to be ok.
What have you done. Michael? God!
My god. I'm so sorry.
What... what's going on?
This... this has been a terrible mistake.
Can you... can you untie me?
Yes. No. of course.
Of course... of course I will.
But before I do. I...
Just think that we all
need to take a breath.
What?
Before things get said.
Monica. I need to go...
To the hospital.
And. people get the
wrong end of the stick.
Can you... Can you do that for me?
Listen to me...
Nobody wanted this to
happen. Michael least of all.
Now. I really am very angry with him.
Subtitles by red bee media